All right so materialize is a modern affronting framework that is actually based on Google's material
design which is very popular with things like react and it's very mobile friendly responsive everything
from the components very flat look.
But there's always different components.
You have that just work and this is not a bootstrap based framework or anything it doesn't use bootstrap
at all.
So a lot of people kind of think that like all of these CSSA frameworks are somehow built off of bootstrap
and that's that's not the case is a completely separate project.
It's very very popular.
It's built to use like SAS So if you guys you see us as preprocessors then this works very well with.
So you get start using it.
It's it's really just a simple as going to your layout page and you're just going to go ahead and for
us to make this as easy as possible I'm going to use the CD and replace the J Querrey right here.
And these are just to see ends on this content distribution network which is really just a server serving
up this VSS and Javascript you need and it's you know it's free to connect.
So it's just easier to set up that way.
Now you also have the option of downloading the actual files and including them in your project so you
don't want to reach across the web to another server.
And then there's also the option of having SAS compilation to serve you of a SAS compiler then you can
download the actual SAS source files and start extending it.
So after you've included materialize there are templates you can use like if you go to this Web site
here and you want to demo this template you can take a look at this and if you download it and just
extract it to our W.W. root folder or wherever your static folder is then you can see that just as easily
We have a materialized working UI here and just just quickly.